Language key:
	1: (a - b) = Kingdom's main language was originally A, slowly transformed to B
	2: (a - b- c) = Kingdom's main language was originally A, slowly transformed to B at the middle of it's time, became C near the end of it's collapse (or present day if it hasn't)

Settlements/empires/kingdoms:
	Human:
		Haear (Haearic)															(1930 BCE - 1120 BCE)

		Borusdalis (Haearic - Borian)											(1120 BCE, less than a couple of decades)
		Veilodin (Borian)														(1120 BCE - 680 BCE)
		Borusdaliandur (Borian - Borusdaliandurish)								(1120 BCE - 650 BCE)

		Zarapib (Borian - Old Zarapibian - Zarapibian)							(650 BCE - 640 BCE)

		Grutorus (Old Zarapibian - Grutorian)									(490 BCE - 0 AD, became Grutorus and Hendrala)
		Galabrus (Grutorian - Galabrian)										(0 AD - 350 AD)
		Hendrala (Old Hendric)													(0 AD - 410 AD, became Hendril)

		Tarib (Zarapibian - Old Taribian - Taribian)							(450 BCE - Present day)
		Hendril (Hendric)														(410 AD - Present day)
		Dagsvald (Galabrian & Old Banodic - Primal Dagsvaldian - Dagsvaldian)	(780 AD - Present day)

	Elf:
		Floraindelen (Ancient Elvish)											(Some time around Baln's rise, only a few decades)
		Glienedràem (Ancient Elvish)											(2000 BCE - 1770 BCE)
		Thissalfiran (Ancient Elvish)											(1880 BCE - 520 BCE, became Thissalfiran II)
		Thissalfiran II (Ancient Elvish)										(520 BCE - ???, disappeared off the face of the earth)
		Rànûladàen (Old Rànûdan)												(360 BCE - 170 AD, renamed to Rànûdel)
		Rànûdel (Old Rànûdan - Rànûdan)											(170 AD - Present day, more accurately 360 BCE - Present day)

		Esrelu (Old Rànûdan - Old Esrel - Esrel)								(20 AD - Present day)
		Aodesvu (Old Rànûdan - Aodesvic)										(170 AD - Present day)

	Dwarf:
		Baln (Primordial)
		Kiliidhuuk (Primordial)
		Banir (Primordial - Primordial Dwarven)
		Banod (Primordial Dwarven - Old Banodic - Banodic)
		Glomdur (Primordial Dwarven - Old Banodic - Glomish)
		Mornesvid (Old Banodic - Mornesvian)

	Centaur:
		Linklontinda (Sylvian) (~3500 BCE)
		Inglinimpara (Sylvendric) (1930 BCE)
		Hathklosh (Sylvendric) (2000 BCE - 1800 BCE)
		Heirfgria (Sylvendric)
		Vatakond (Sylvendric)


Some time around 3500 BCE
Linklontina, a centaur kingdom, rises in what is now called the Forests of Rànûdel.

Before 2000 BCE
Baln existed a few hundred years before. They were the first dwarvish settlement, and they spoke Primordial.
Floraindelen existed only a few decades, which is small compared to Baln. They spoke Ancient Elvish.

2000 BCE
Glienedràem is formed. Hathklosh rises in the Heirfgrian Forest.

1930 BCE
Haear is formed. Floraindelen collapsed due to an invasion of earth and stone elementals, which were coming from a different plane. A month later, a group travelled to a fortress located in a massive cavern known as Krikihbolg Stone Fortress. They entered the fortress, and destroyed the portal that lead the elementals to the material plane.
Inginimpara is also formed where Heirfgria is now.

1800 BCE
Inginimpara starts a conquest, known as the Inginimparian Conquest. They first target Hathklosh, and won.

1770 BCE
Glienedràem collapses, from the Inginimparan Conquest. Anzudengot, the current king of Haear at this time, took advantage of this and took over the remains of Glienedràem. Baln was running low on food. They started to take exessive food from the village to feed their soldiers, and so there was a revolution, and was transformed into Banir, under new kings. Primordal branched into a new language, called Primordial Dwarven.

1800 BCE
Kingdom of Thissalfiran is created, named after it's founder. The Kingdom of Thissalfiran spoke Ancient Elvsh.

1540 BCE
Kiliidhuuk rises, built in the mountains inbetween of current day Banod and Heirfgria.

1140 BCE
Banir collapsed, due to an economy problem. The people moved west, appointing a few new kings. This became known as the Banod.

1120 BCE
Haear collapses. Borusdalis, and Veilodin rises from Haear. The Kingdom of Thissalfiran attacked Borusdalis, destroying it. Refugees fled to Veilodin, while some went east, forming Borusdaliandur.
Kiliidhuuk collapsed from a centaur conquest.

910 BCE
Borusdaliandur formed a peace treaty with Veilodin. Borusdaliandur was lead by a sorcerer named Borusdagl. 

<First Age of Peace>

740 BCE
A group of earth elementals attacked Borusdaliandur. A warrior named Hondaf, took a mace and axe, and went to defend a part of the city called Namiam against the earth elementals. Suprisingly, he destroyed most of the elementals before he retreated due to injury. He was gifted a star glising, which was named Star Glising of Namiam.

<First Age of Peace START>

760 BCE
Hondaf died a natural death. His body was buried in a memorial along with his Star Glising of Namiam, which was then moved to a tomb.

<First Age of Peace END>

680 BCE
Veilodin collapsed, when a massive disease broke out. It was an uncurable disease at it's time. A few hundred people traveled to Borusdaliandur. However, to stop mass migration and potential disease outbreak, Borusdaliandur had artillery to try and kill any immigrants that tried to enter. Almost half of them died to either disease, or the massacre, known as the Veilodin Migration Massacre.

650 BCE
Borusdaliandur fell. The people of Veilodin traveled south, to the Taribian desert. They formed an empire, named Zarapib. Zarapib was also led by a sorcerer, named Junas.

610 BCE
Junas was assassinated by a group of bandits. Zarapib almost collapsed, but was saved by Haronin using a spear to fend off the bandits. He became a hero, and was given the title of emperor.

550 BCE
Emperor Haronin died.

520 BCE
Kingdom of Thissalfiran fell. A new empire, named Kingdom of Thissalfiran II rose, under Uluranush.

490 BCE
A group of explorers from Zerapib decided to travel north, to where current day Hendril is. They established a settlement called Grutorus, which would in the future become a village, then town, then kingdom.

450 BCE
Zarapib collapsed, and Tarib rose, taking over it's remains.

360 BCE
Grutorus fully became a kingdom. In the Kingdom of Thissalfiran II, a group of explorers went to where current day Ranûdel is, and put down a new Kingdom, named Rànûladàen.

 ^
 |
BCE
~~~~~~~~~~
AD
 |
 v

0 AD
Grutorus collapsed. From the remains of Grutorus, a two new kingdoms rose. Galabrus, and Hendrala.

20 AD
A group of explorers from Rànûladàen traveled north, and established Esrelu and Vuntarla.

170 AD
Rànûladàen was renamed to Rànûdel. Some moon elves did not like the change, so they went and created a kingdom called Aodesvu.
A large group of explorers from Galabrus traveled up north, due to inflation (mines were invaded by fire elementals). It was led by Bentolus, Garaldor, Jorvas and Muntin.

350 AD
Galabrus was destroyed. Banodic explorers traveled, and created Mornesvid.

355 AD
Banodic explorers traveled from Banod again, and created Glomdur.

410 AD
Hendrala went under revolution, becoming current day Hendril.

500 AD
Jûmlaanar is created.

560 AD
The King of Jûmlaanar gets corrupted, and used propaganda to make the people believe humans and dwarves are possessed by demons.
The large group of explorers unknowingly enterd the territory of a large bandit group. During the fighting, Bentolus and Jorvas was slain. Their bodies were buried in a tomb.
They established Thalanol.

650 AD
Thalanol became Thalmundol.

<Second Age of Peace START>

780 AD
From the settlement Thalmundol, Dagsvald rises.

<Second Age of Peace END>

870 AD
Dagsvald invades Andragz, Vatakrond, ending second age of peace. Andragz was successfully captured.

875 AD
Jûmlathnar launches assault upon Glomdur, bringing chaos. Glomdur barely survives due to not having much defense experience, and only because Jûmlathnar only took resources.

880 AD
Dagsvald invades Bravosh, Vatakrond. This was also successful.

RECENT

955 AD
Dagsvald declares war on Jûmlathnar. They launch an invasion on Jûmlathnar, which was unsuccessful. Jûmlathnar offered help to Vatakrond, who did accept.

962 AD
Vatakrond surprise attacks Bantusea. The attack was partially successfull, half the town destroyed.

966 AD
Jûmlathnar raids Algonlav, which was kind of successful, even though they retreated without destroying half the village.