[[OVERVIEW]]
Aldpor is a mythic historical high fantasy world, set in the early medieval ages. The project started in 2023, July. Magic is subtle, and is not flashy/dramatic.

The current year is 973. Fantastical elements should correspond from the Late Viking Ages to the Late Roman Period, with subtle elements from the 11th - 12th century. Structures like ring fortresses, creatures like zombies and elementals will be prevalent, but are not as powerful as how some fantasy worlds portray them as. Average spellcasters shouldn't surpass an average warrior in power by design, and even the most powerful spellcasters will have trouble going against twenty average warriors.

Medieval Stasis: The gods want to see competition and progress in strength. Still, new technology can be developed, but they will likely be lost due to thieves, bandits, and war. Technology is currently comparable to earth's 1st to 10th century, will develop until the highest point of technology is comparable to earth's 12th - 14th century.



[[ANCESTRY]]
Cold elves evolved from moon elves.

Humans evolved from cold elves.

Dwarves had human ancestors. They have a greater ambition than humans, making them desire more wealth and power. So they took on mining, as it was the safest way to gain gold, silver and crystals without danger. From long periods of time being in dark areas and mining, their skin has gone very white, and their hair has gone very blonde or red, brighter than most humans. They also have the same lifespan of humans. They are more likely to worship Jalfar, or Hirulfyr.

Dwarves have multiple kings. Each king usually handles a part of the kingdom, like a pantheon. One of the dwarven king will be the kings leader. Examples: One king handles the kingdom's army, one handles imports and exports, one handles economy etc.

Elves are more likely to worship Parhrügi, Hirulfyr, Lünanyr, or any of the three moons, but moon elves will not worship An.

Average lifespans:
	Human:		50-80
	Dwarf:		120-140 (dwarves age until 80 years old, then their aging slows down)
	Moon Elf:	170-230
	Cold Elf:	120-140
	Orc:		60-80
	Troll:		40-60



[[MAGIC]]
Magic is subtle, and is not flashy/dramatic.

Magic items exist in this world, and there are two ways of making one. The first way is by soaking the item in potion, and the second way is by casting Imbuement on the item. (See "MagicSystemAndSpells.txt")

Druids are like normal people, except for a few things: they are vegetarian (NOT vegan!), and they are most likely to worship Talmundur, or less commonly Lünanyr.

Magics:
	- Druidic magic is basically wizard magic without study and using fey magic instead of directly accessing the Plane of Magic.

	- Seer magic is when you take the essence of any god other than Parhrügi to make magic.
	- Some people are innately seers by leaning towards Lünanyr or Hirulfyr, such as Vielthöri Aldriàndel.

	- Sorcery is when you can make simple magic happen by whim, by being magically attuned to Jalfar.

	- Wizard magic is when you make access the Plane of Magic by speaking in Primordial, doing gestures, and holding materials.

	- People who are born magically attuned to a god are rare, being around one in a million (literally, no pun intended).



[[KINGDOMS]]
MEN:
	Hendril:
		Main language is Hendric
		Culture is central men (roman with 1st century Jerusalem architecture)
		Political structure is elected autocracy

		Current allies: Dagsvald, Aodesvu
		Current wars:   Yûmlathnar, Vatakond

	Dagsvald:
		Main language is Dagsvaldian
		Culture is Dagsvaldian (Norse)
		Political structure is feudal absolute monarchy

		Current allies: Hendril, Esrelu, Vuntarla
		Current wars:   Yûmlathnar, Vatakond

	Tarib:
		Main language is Taribian
		Culture is Taribian (Persian)
		Political structure is aristocracy

		Current wars: Neshoz

	Aodesvu:
		Main language is Aodesvic
		Culture is Aodesvic (Hendric culture with a little of Elvish culture)
		Political structure is elected autocracy

ELVES:
	Esrelu:
		Main language is Esrel
		Other language is Dagsvaldian
		Culture is Northern Elvish
		Political structure is noocracy

		Current allies: Dagsvald, Vuntarla
		Current wars:   Yûmlathnar, Vatakond

	Rànûdel:
		Main language is Rànûdan
		Culture is Moon Elvish
		Political structure is geniocracy

		Current wars: Evil fey

	Yûmlathnar:
		Main language is Rànûdan
		Culture is Moon Elvish
		Political structure is elected autocracy

		Current allies: Vatakond, Evil fey
		Current wars:   Dagsvald, Esrelu, Hendril
	
MEN AND ELVES:
	Vuntarla:
		Populated by cold elves, elfmen, and mostly men
		Main language is Dagsvaldian and Esrel
		Culture is Dagsvaldian
		Political structure is absolute monarchy

		Current allies: Dagsvald

DWARVES:
	Glomdur:
		Main language is Banodic
		Culture is Banodic
		Political structure is elected diarchy

		Current allies: Banod
		Current wars:   Yûmlathnar

	Banod:
		Main language is Banodic
		Culture is Banodic
		Political structure is elected diarchy

		Current allies: Glomdur

	Mornesvid:
		Main language is Mornesvian
		Culture is Mornesvian
		Political structure is magocracy

CENTAURS:
	Vatakond:
		Main language is Sylvendric
		Culture is Centaur
		Political structure is noocracy

		Current allies: Yûmlathnar, Evil fey
		Current wars:   Dagsvald, Esrelu, Hendril

	Heirfgria:
		Main language is Sylvendric
		Culture is Centaur
		Political structure is noocracy

ORCS:
	Neshoz:
		Main language is Neshozic
		Culture is Neshozic
		Political structure is noocracy

		Current wars: Tarib



[[GAME/ROLEPLAYING]]
Craftsmanship things:
	Common: Woodworking, Leatherworking (not shoes) Metalworking, Lumberjack, Miner
	Uncommon: Stone mason
	Rare: Calligraphers

Shops:
	Common: Shoemakers, farmers
	Uncommon: Woodcarvers, arms dealers, non-gemstone orb sellers
	Rare: Magic scrolls sellers, gemstone orb sellers

Trainers:
	Common: Axe, Spear, Mace
	Uncommon: Sword, Longaxe, Magic academies Level 1-5
	Rare: Magic academies Level 6-10

Average household (about 14 people):
	age 1-20  x5
	age 21-40 x4
	age 41-60 x3
	age 61+   x2

Civilizations ("rarity: uncommon" = "rarity: common + uncommon"):
	Village:  200  people (common crafters and shops)
	Town:     2000 people (uncommon crafters and shops)
	City:     6000 people (rare crafters and shops)
	Fortress: 70  people (1 ruler + 9 ruler's family + 20 guards + 40 garrisoned soldiers)

Available Classes (if converted to DnD):
	Fighter classes (No magic involved):
		Fighter (Practice some sort of martial arts using a melee weapon or with bare fists)
		Archer (Practice bows, or crossbows)
		Rogue (Practice the art of stealing and sneaking)

	Caster classes (Magic involved, almost no melee involved):
		Seer (Draws power from essence/presence of a god)
		Druid (Take care of nature so the fey give you fey powers)
		Sorcerer (Be born with magic powers)
		Wizard (Study hard to get magic powers)

	Fighter + Archer = Ranger
	Fighter + Seer = Cleric
	Fighter + being religious = Paladin
	Low level fighter + Non-magical healing skills or tonic/medicine making skills = Bard
	Evil druid = Warlock
