To brew a potion, you add water, and a catalyst, along with it's ingredients. You will then need to shake the potion up for at least a few seconds. You could also boil it, but this will take an hour. You can then enhance the effects by leaving it boiling for a few hours, which will increase it's potency by about 25 percent.

You can also soak wood, cloth, sand, dirt, powder, or food in potion to give them potion effects.
Soaking times:
	Sand, dirt, powder:  Dump it in the potion to make a slop
	Cloth:               Just dip it in
	Wood:                4 hours
	Stone:               6 hours

	Meat:                5 minutes
	Plant:               10 minutes

The potion ingredients here are supposed if you are using a small caudron.

NOTE: You don't need to stir the potion in a large pot while cackling like a witch to make the potions. (just don't stir it)

Liquids:
Obviously, water is required, and it is strictly water. Any kind of liquid that isn't water will not work.

Catalysts:
A catalyst is required to make a potion. Without a catalyst, a "potion" would just be a gross mixture that might make you sick.
A catalyst is a magical object/liquid that is what makes the potion's effect. Any nonliving thing that has an innate magical connection can be considered a catalyst. The catalyst must also be completely submerged in the liquid to work.

Here are a list of catalyst examples:
	The snow, or foliage where an intense magical battle happened.
	The foliage near a magical creatures' lair.
	The grass from a magic academy's training grounds.
	The water from an ancient magical well. (These catalysts can also be the water required.)



Regeneration Potion
	Appearance: The potion is a pale honey-colored liquid.
	Usage:      Pour small amount onto a wound. Must be asorbed into the wound to work. Can be also drinked, to heal any damaged organs.
	Effect:     Evaporates wasted blood, and speeds up cell regeneration rate up to 10 times.
	Downside:   Can cause cancer if used too much.
	Components: Eight basil leaves (no stem), eight red tulip petals, and gecko tail.

Curing Potion
	Appearance: The potion is a clear liquid, with white specks floating around, like dandruff or lemon fibers.
	Usage:      Drink. Only take small doses after each meal, or you could instantly go out cold.
	Effect:     It will kill diseases, viruses, fungi, sicknesses, amoebas, parasites, poison etc.
	Downside:   Weakens you, makes you feel tired and sleepy if used a lot, also destroys undigested food. (makes you more hungry)
	Components: Three duck feather, handful of dirt (any type of soil except sand and clay), and a handful of small pieces of wood (or wood chips, or wood powder).

Spark Potion
	Appearance: The potion is a orange liquid.
	Usage:      Make it hit things at high speeds. (Throwing, dropping, launching etc.)
	Effect:     Explodes in shower of sparks. Pretty much harmless with small amounts.
	Components: Handful of sulfur powder, pinch of sand, pinch of iron power, pinch of rust, two pinches of rusted iron powder (ignore iron powder and rust if used).
	Brewing:    Let it boil over 80c, for three hours.

Energy potion:
	Appearance: The potion is a pale green slop.
	Usage:      Drink.
	Effect:     It gives you energy, same way that food gives you energy, except you instantly gain it. Drinking this also lets you restore some spell slots. (Pretend that the spell's level are points. You have 4 points to spend on spell slots. You can also drink more, and depending on how much you drink, you gain more slots. You can save these points to spend later on, but they disappear after a short rest.)
	Components: Pinch of rye flour, scoop of uncooked apple sauce, and a silver nugget (a silver coin also works).

Sickening Potion:
	Appearance: The potion is a half clear pale brown liquid.
	Usage:      Somehow get it into the body.
	Effect:     Makes target feel sick. Symptoms: Dizziness, and nausea.
	Components: A picked tail of a rat, and a cockroach wing.

Waterbreathing Potion:
	Appearance: The potion is a clear liquid.
	Usage:      Drink.
	Effect:     Creates oxygen in lungs, allowing underwater breath.
	Components: Handful of rust, and three crushed okras.
