Races found in my world:

Ranastar:
	Ranastars are literally just animals that stand on their hind legs, created by natural manifestations of Lûnanyr. When a person is obsessed with nature and they mate with someone else, the offspring has a 10% chance to be a ranastar. Ranastars born this way will appear normal, but will begin transformation almost immedietely. The transformation takes up to a year.

	Most ranastars will run away from home and live in the wild, or stay sheltered at home. This is because they feel out of place, the commonfolk shame, or depise them for their appearance. However, certain variants are not treated as harshly, such as the bear. Because of this, the shamed and despised often develop a hatred, or anger for intelligent beings and the certain variants said before.

	Classes: Barbarians, fighters, rogues, druids, and sorcerers are most common, while everything else are rare.

	Advantages:
		Camoflauge - You have an option to use an action to blend in foliage near by. Detection requires a DC 12 Wisdom saving throw.

	Disadvantages:
		Bow Incompatibility - You are unable to use any kind of bow. Crossbows are the only exception.
		Magic Incompatibility - You are unable to cast any non-druid and any non-sorcerer spell with the (S)omatic component.

	Variants/Overrides: (min stat increase up to 3)
		Bear:
			Alignments - Lawful, Neutral
			Ability Score Increase - Dex -1, Con +2, Wis +1
			Cold Resistance - You have resistance against Cold and Piercing damage.
			Fur Color - Brown (brown bears), Black (black bears), White (polar bears)
			Natural Weapons - Claws: 2d6 Slashing

		Bobcat:
			Alignments - Neutral, Chaotic
			Ability Score Increase - Dex +2, Int -1, Chr +1
			Cold Resistance - You have resistance against cold damage.
			Natural Weapons - Claws: 2d4 Slashing
			Enhanced Sight - You have Darkvision up to 30ft.
			Fur Color - Brown (forest bobcats), Burlap (southern bobcats), White (snowy bobcats)
			High Jumping - You can jump straight up 10ft.

		Rat:
			Alignments - Lawful, Neutral
			Ability Score Increase - Str -1, Dex +3, Int +1, Chr -1
			Fur Color - Black, Brown, Gray, Yellow, White
			Proper Fingers - You are able to use bows, and spells with the (S)omatic component.

		Fox:
			Alignments - Lawful, Neutral
			Fur Color - Gray (southern foxes), Orange + Red (forest foxes), White (arctic foxes)
			Cold Resistance - You have resistance against cold damage.
			Ability Score Increase - Dex +2, Int -1, Chr +1

		Wolf:
			Alignment - Lawful, Neutral, Chaotic
			Ability Score Increase - Dex +2, Int -1, Chr +1
			Cold Resistance - You have resistance against cold damage.
			Fur Color - Orange + Red (dire wolves), Gray (gray wolves), White (snow wolves)
