1013 (date of birth rounded to nearest year)

Year 1025
Lorvon took interest in Swordfighting. He got his sword from the storage room, which was his grandfather's service weapon.

Year 1032
Lorvon goes on first adventure to recover a book documenting the history of a lost civilization. He discovers a tome that teaches the basics of magic. He doesn't read it, and throws it in the storage room of his home.

Year 1033
A bandit group led by rat ranastars attacks Argonlav. Lorvon's home nearly gets destroyed. He wanted to protect his home and make sure it would never get destroyed, so he got the old tome, and taught himself. A few months later, he joined a school of evocation in the City of Norvun.

Year 1035
Lorvon joins Norvun's army. He learns some more advanced spells, but not very powerful. After some time, the Kingdom of Norvun went to war with an incoming invasion of Jûmlaanar elves from the south. He served as artillery from a distance.

After the battle ended, he returned home to find his parents moved somewhere else, and bought a shitty house with the gold he got from his military service and his adventure.

A week later, he decided to go on another adventure, after knowing he could fight being a wizard.

Year 1036
After he returned, lorvon had found out that a northwest criminal empire had attacked his village, raided it, injured his family members and killed some neighbors. He also found out that they raided his house clean. The king knew this, and decided to send reinforcements to Argonlav. But this wasn't enough, so Lorvon went over to the northwest criminal empire, killed all the nobles and people that could get revenge, and turned the crime lord into a zombie. He then fabricated a large bag, and filled it with the gold, jewelry and other things the crime lord had stolen, which was worth about 55000 in gold. He then gave every house 500 gold, gave 20000 gold to the local lord, and kept the rest. He had gotten some of his things back, but half of the things in the house was gone.

A week later, he returned to the northwest castle, and took it over. He named it Ûfalvik Castle, and became a jarl.