Jeiruld Aldorim

Male
Age: 77 (born 896, April 10)
Alignment: Lawful Neutral
Ethnicity: Hendric
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Jeiruld is a wizard born in Forthias, Hendril, but he later traveled to Dagsvald, and opened an arcane evocation school called Academy of Aldorim, and is the current headmaster.

He is a human, old and bald. He has dark brown eyes. He wears a brown cap, a black silk cloak, dark red robes, a belt, and a pair of boots. He also wears a plain golden circlet, and two silver rings on his left land. The front of his robes has two large pockets on the chest and leg part, holding things like spell components, papers, or scrolls. He wears a necklace that has all sorts of fangs and claws from bears, big cats, boars and other animals.

Because of old age, he walks around with a walking stick. He is 170 (5'7) centimeters tall.

Jeiruld is very intelligent and wise, knowing many spells, ancient items, and history that goes back over two thousand years. He also knows about every realm in the world.

He can usually be found at his academy.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Jeiruld is described as observant and analytical, being able to spot any hint of deception and make out the true intentions of people faster than anyone. He is also mysterious and aloof, careful not to let some information about him slip, such as his age or how powerful he really is. He may also come of as being easily angered from clumsiness, ignorance, or disrespect due the reason of being old.



[[ABILITIES]]
Being a powerful wizard, Jeiruld can speak many languages alongside Hendric (English). Rànûdan and Esrel, he learned these so he could talk to elves. Primordial, he learned this because it was a core part of magic practice. Dagsvaldian, he learned this so he could communicate and guide students in his academy. And lastly he learned Abyssal so he could study demons.

He also has some combat experience, gained from a mission thirty years ago when he and two others were sent to kill three earth elementals.

He could brew potions, knowing how to brew almost all potions known in Dagsvald. He also studied the stars just out of curiosity. He also plays the board game Plattrægnall, however he is only above average at the same.



[[ARCANE MAGIC]]
	Minor:
		Illusory Script
		Lesser Runic Staves
		Mage Hand, Message
		Prestidigitation

	Basic:
		Counterspell
		Detect Magic, Detect Thoughts
		Feather Fall, Feign Death, Fire Bolt
		Icy Touch
		Mage Armor, Magic Missiles, Minor Illusion, Misty Step
		Seidur, Shield, Sparks

	Major:
		Animate Corpse, Arcane Eye
		Dispel Magic
		Fireball
		Greater Runic Staves
		Invisibility
		Locate Object, Lightning Bolt
		Polymorph
		Remove Curse
		Scrying
		Telekinesis

	Powerful:
		Banishment, Blight
		Create Golem
		Darkness
		Imbuement
		Intricate Runic Staves
		Major Illusion, Materialize Magic
		Reanimation
		Sunbeam
		Symbol



[[LORE]]
[910 AD]
Jeiruld started to teach himself magic. A few months later, he joined a group of mercenaries, hired by the local lords to take out three earth elementals that were sighted in the Hendric Forests 10 kilometers southwest. They were able to kill the earth elementals.

[931 AD]
Jeiruld traveled to Dagsvald.

[933 AD]
Two years later, he paid several men to start the construction of the Academy of Aldorim.

[934 AD]
The Academy of Aldorim has finished construction. The first student to attend was a human named Forir. Forir later became a teacher in the school.
