Flokr

Male
Age: 25 (born 947, August 10)
Alignment: Neutral Good
Ethnicity: Dagsvaldian
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Flokr is a wizard from Argonlav. His hair is light brown and wavy and is shoulder length. His eyes are hooded and are grey, and has fair skin.

He wears a brown woolen cap, a woolen brown cloak held by a brooch, a long muted blue tunic (calf-length), brown pants, a belt and a pair of boots. His belt carries a leather pouch, a 12-inch seax, and a waterskin. He wears an iron Talmundur amulet, a necklace with a piece of black onyx, and also a silver ring on his left middle finger. He is 173 (5'8) centimeters tall.

Flokr is friends with Ljorn.

He can be found at his house either checking his family's farm for weeds, playing Plattrægnall with someone (probably with Ljorn), inside his house brewing potions, wandering in the local markets, or wandering in the forest for whatever reason (most likely looking for potion ingredients).



[[PERSONALITY]]
Flokr is mostly calm and generous. But usually, when sometimes when deciding to act he can be hesitant and think about whether he should do it or not. He is also reserved, not talking to others as much as his family and friends.

He has strong Dagsvaldian accent, and speaks English weirdly. When speaking in English, he speaks English using Dagsvaldian grammar and phrases, as if the words were replaced with English words.

Occupations:
	Farmer

Languages:
	Dagsvaldian
	Hendric (English, not fluent)
	Primordial (not fluent)

Abilities:
	Magic (5 years practice, which 3 years are training)
	Alchemy (potion brewing, advanced potions)

	Drawing
	Plattrægnall

	Arcane Magic (22 spells):
		Minor:
			Illusory Script
			Lesser Runic Staves
			Mage Hand, Message
			Prestidigitation

		Basic:
			Blur
			Counterspell
			Detect Magic
			Feather Fall, Fire Bolt
			Icy Touch
			Mage Armor, Magic Missiles
			Seidur, Shield, Sparks

		Major:
			Animate Corpse
			Dispel Magic
			Greater Runic Staves
			Invisibility
			Lightning Bolt
			Telekinesis
