Banod

Government: Elected Diarchy
Race Majority: Dwarf (red metals and jewelry variants)
Culture type: Banodic
Population: ~2300 people

Main languages: Banodic

Rulers (guys):
	Olk (Rules economy, imports, exports, trading)
	Norad (Rules military, the law, criminal punishment)
	Yarandin (Major King, rules everything)

Castles/fortresses:
	Banod
	Dakuutaz



[[KINGDOM LAYOUT]]
Both Banod and Dakuutaz are on a mountain peak. However, the two castles are not on the same peak, but on two mountain peaks near each other.

The path starts from the bottom, which is rugged, but not wild. After a 3 hour walk, there is a grand 100 meter bridge that goes over a deep gorge. After another 20 minute walk, there is a bridge that will lead you to Dakuutaz. Dakutaaz is located just a kilometer left of Banod (from the outside perspective). The path continues to Banod, which isn't very far.



[[BANOD (Castle)]]
The castle of Banod is a fortress built on a peak on a steep, snowy mountain. It's outer walls are made of stone, while the structures inside are wooden. The main entrance is a road up the mountain with some carved stairs on the steep parts. The castle also extends down into the ground about 30 meters, making extra space. The underground is basically a second district, full of markets, shops, inns, and taverns, and other services, because it doesn't get snowy there in the winter. The houses underground are also made of the stones mined from digging the underground. If you follow the path down the underground, and turn right (which is the other side of the castle), and keep walking, you eventually end up at the end of the road which has a large hole out of the mountain. The side has some wooden boards to protect people from falling out and down the mountain, with small thin windows to allow some sort of ventilation. (think Edinburgh Castle, but it's surrounded by lower mountains and the houses inside are made of wood)

Houses are mostly similar to a small viking cabin, with turf roofs. Houses built underground are made with thatched roofs instead.

The population of Banod is 2000 people, and they have around 40 people as guards, and 5 for lookouts. Lookouts will patrol the walls.

Banod doesn't have additional settlements or villages other than Dakuutaz.



[[DAKUUTAZ]]
Dakuutaz is a fortress built on top of a nearby peak, and also uses stone walls and has the same height as Banod. Dakuutaz holds 300 soldiers, 10 guards, and 5 lookouts. Lookouts will patrol the walls.



[[TRADE]]
Banod only trades with Glomdur, and exports mainly rye.



[[UNIFORMS]]
Soldiers/Guards: An iron-only coppergate helmet, chainmail hauberk, grey tunic (elbow length), and a brown tunic (to wrists), will provide shoes if needed. Their weapon is a spear, and a wooden buckler.
Archers/Lookouts: An iron-only coppergate helmet, grey tunic (elbow length), and a brown tunic (to wrists), will provide shoes if needed. Their weapon is a crossbow, with iron-headed arrows.



[[LORE, RELIGION, STRUCTURE, ETC]]
Please refer to AldporHistory.txt, AldporDescription.txt, Cosmology.txt, and Cultures/Banodic.txt for more information on it's lore, religion, structure, and others.
