Argánlaf

Kingdom:        Fjalland
Population:     300 people
Current hersir: Randúlfr



[[SETTLEMENT]]
Argánlaf is one the villages in Fjalland. The houses of the village are built together. In the northeast of the village which is farther from the forest and river, there are two large longhouses built side by side, one built for the hersir's family, and the second one being the community hall where meetings are held. There is also an iron bell built into the community hall, rung when an important meeting is required. Usually, when there is a raid, the bell, and a war horn are sounded at the same time.

In the forest next to the village are the ruins of a 150-year-old longhouse, that was abandoned after the sighting of a troll wandering in the forest. The ruins are in a small opening grown over by grass and bushes, now its rotten framing is all that is left.

There are two watchtowers built on the west side of the village to watch over the forest. Another watchtower is built on the south side of the village beside the bridge, to oversee the bridge and the river. Each watchtower has at least one archer stationed, with a war horn for the archer. About ten guards patrol the inside of the village at night.



[[IMPORTANT LOCATIONS]]
The house of the hersir's family is a large longhouse, fenced off with a plank fence instead of wattle fencing. In the fencing, several pens are holding a few cattle, goats, and three horses for riding.

The longhouse ruins, was once supposed to be the first building on the settlement. After the first hersir sighted a troll wandering in the distance, the house was abandoned. Now it is only a rotten wooden frame, overgrown with plants. Until now, it is believed that the ghost of that troll dwells here.



[[LANDSCAPE]]
Argánlaf built on a slightly jagged grassland, south of Fjalland. There are almost no flowers present on the grasslands, the only ones being white flowers that are faintly scattered across the landscape. The forest to the west is uphill.

The edge of the Southern Fjallandic Forest is west of the village, where bushes are more prevalent the closer you are to the edge, with a dirt path that leads into the forest to the abandoned longhouse. The forest is a mix of fir and pines with a bit of undergrowth.

There is a wide, meter-and-a-half deep river not far south of Argánlaf, with a wooden bridge built across. There is a path that goes east towards Lismerlaf, but it ends tens of meters at a small lake with a dingy boat port with a single torch. The lake is surrounded by tall bushes.



[[LOCAL TRADING]]
Traders usually take a boat along the southern river, to trade wood and berries for fish with Lismerlav, which is a long way to the east where it is farther away from forestry. The boats usually stop at the dingy boat port at the small lake.



[[SPECIFIC BELIEFS]]
Troll of the old longhouse: It is believed that the ghost of a troll dwells in that old longhouse, and anyone who is caught by the ghost might get cursed by it.
Centaur bias: A lot of people have a bias against centaurs due to a raid last year, from the neighboring centaur kingdom Vatakond.
