Jeiruld Aldorim
Male
Age: 77 (born 896, April 10)
Alignment: Lawful Neutral
Ethnicity: Hendric
Race:      Human

Jeiruld is a wizard born in Forthias, Hendril, but he later traveled to Dagsvald, and opened an arcane evocation school called Academy of Aldorim, and is the current headmaster.

He is a human, old and balding. He has dark brown eyes. He wears a black silk cloak, dark red robes, a belt, and a pair of boots. He also wears a plain golden circlet, and two silver rings on his left land. The front of his robes has two large pockets on the chest and leg part, holding things like spell components, papers, or scrolls. He wears a necklace that has all sorts of fangs and claws from bears, big cats, boars and other animals. Because of old age, he walks around with a walking stick. He is 170 (5'7) centimeters tall.

Jeiruld is very intelligent and wise, knowing many spells, ancient items, and history that goes back over two thousand years. He also knows about every realm in the world.

Personality:
	POSITIVE:
		1. Observant
		2. Analytical

	NEUTRAL:
		1. Mysterious

	NEGATIVE:
		1. Slightly wrathful
		2. Aloof

Occupations:
	Arcane school headmaster

Languages:
	Hendric (English)
	Rànûdan
	Primordial
	Dagsvaldian
	Esrel
	Abyssal

Abilities:
	Combat experience (joined a team to kill three earth elementals)

	Magic (Lifetime experience)
	Alchemy (potion brewing, powerful potions)
	Astrology and astronomy
	Drawing
	Plattrægnall

	Arcane Magic (39 spells):
		Minor:
			Lesser Runic Staves
			Mage Hand, Message, Minor Illusion
			Prestidigitation

		Basic:
			Arcane Lock, Arcane Unlock
			Counterspell
			Detect Magic, Detect Thoughts
			Feather Fall, Fire Bolt
			Icy Touch
			Mage Armor, Magic Missiles, Misty Step
			Seidur, Shield, Sparks

		Major:
			Animate Dead, Arcane Eye
			Dispel Magic
			Fireball
			Greater Runic Staves
			Hold Person
			Invisibility
			Locate Object, Lightning Bolt
			Major Illusion
			Polymorph
			Remove Curse
			Scrying
			Telekinesis

		Powerful:
			Banishment, Blight
			Create Golem
			Darkness
			Intricate Runic Staves
			Sunbeam

Backstory:
	910 AD
	Jeiruld started to teach himself magic. A few months later, he joined a group of mercenaries, hired by the local lords to take out three earth elementals that were sighted in the Hendric Forests 10 kilometers southwest. They were able to kill the earth elementals.

	931 AD
	Jeiruld traveled to Dagsvald.

	933 AD
	Two years later, he paid several men to start the construction of the Academy of Aldorim.

	934 AD
	The Academy of Aldorim has finished construction. The first student to attend was a human named Forir. Forir later became a teacher in the school.
