Eifnod Halkjof

Male
Age: 33 (born 940, April 2)
Alignment: Lawful Neutral
Ethnicity: Fjallander
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Eifnod is the current Jarl of Kjartkjofn. He was born in Skjorknauz, a village north of Kjartkjofn and southwest of Þuryngard. He has red wavy hair and a full beard, a birthmark on his right cheek. His eyes are heterochromic, which are green with it's center being brown.

He wears a yellow cloak, a chainmail hauberk, brown tunic that has tan embroirdery and a split down it's middle, baggy brown pants, a buckled belt, and a pair of boots. He also wears a silver Talmundúr amulet, and a silver arm ring on his left arm.

He has a baldric scabbard, that has a Petersen Type L sword (5-lobed viking sword). His sword is usually coated with a layer of Iron Grease of Magic (fire). During combat or traveling, he has a round shield slung across his shoulders, painted red with a blue valknut on it.

Currently, Eifnod is married to Myrfriss.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Eifnod has a strong sense of honor, loyal to Fjalland and his position as jarl of Kjartkofn. He is described as bold and dominating, willing to assert control over anything he sees as disorganized.



[[ABILITIES]]
As the jarl, Eifnod learned Esrel and a bit of Centrumic to communicate with foreigners, along with Fjallandic as his native language.

He also practices sword fighting, and is able to hold his own in against two average warriors with the same weaponry. Because his sword is usually coared in the magic grease, each strike of his sword burns whatever he slashes with a puff of flame.

Sometimes when he isn't practicing with his sword, he practices riding a horse inside his fortress.



[[LORE]]
In 961 AD during one of Fjalland's campaigns, because of his skill, armor, and weaponry, he was chosen to lead a group to go along the northern side of the river next to Lismerlav and Argonlav. They had 40 men to go along that river to go down south.

They destroyed only one bandit camp. During raid, Eifnod met Mod, who was a mercenary hired to go along this campaign. They became acquainted as war buddies, after playing a race to see how many bandits they could kill.

In 966 AD when Okrif, the current Jarl of Kjartkjofn died, Eifnod was given the new position as jarl.

Just recently, Okrif's son's son went to the jarl demanding that he should be the current jarl. Eifnod then got two guards to seize the son's son, let him off with a warning before having him be escorted out of the fortress. To the people living in villages under his domain, he is usually feared, but not as much as the king.
