Jeiruld Aldorim

Male
Age: 77 (born 896, April 10)
Alignment: Lawful Neutral
Ethnicity: Centrumian
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Jeiruld is a wizard born in Forthias, Centruma. He later traveled to Tarib and opened an arcane evocation school called Academy of Aldorim, and now he is the current headmaster.

He is a human, old and bald. He has dark brown eyes. He wears a brown cap, a black silk cloak, dark red robes, a belt, and a pair of boots. He also wears a plain golden circlet, and two silver rings on his left land. The front of his robes has two large pockets on the chest and leg part, holding things like spell components, papers, or scrolls. He wears a necklace that has all sorts of fangs and claws from bears, big cats, boars and other animals.

Because of old age, he walks around with a walking stick. He is 170 (5'7) centimeters tall. He can usually be found at his academy.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Jeiruld is described as observant and analytical, being able to spot any hint of deception and make out the true intentions of people faster than anyone. He is also mysterious and aloof, careful not to let some information about him slip, such as his age or how powerful he really is. He may also come of as being easily angered from clumsiness, ignorance, or disrespect due the reason of being old.

He harbors one secret, one that no one knows, which is the fact that he is able to cast the necromantic spell Raise Zombie.



[[ABILITIES]]
Being a powerful wizard, Jeiruld can speak many languages alongside Centrumic (English). Rànûdan and Esrel, he learned these so he could talk to elves. Taribian, he learned this so he could communicate and guide students in his academy. And lastly he learned Abyssal so he could study demons.

Jeiruld is very intelligent and wise, knowing many spells, ancient items, and history that goes back over two thousand years. He also knows about every realm in the world.

He also has some combat experience, gained from a mission thirty years ago when he and two others were sent to kill three earth elementals.

He could brew potions, knowing how to brew almost all potions known in Fjalland. He also studied the stars just out of curiosity. He also plays the board game Plattrægnall, however he is only above average at the same.



[[GRIMOIRE]]
	Potions: All powerful tier potions.

	Illusion:
		Illusion of Sight
		Illusion of Sound

	Spells:
		Explode
		Mind-Raad
		Hold
		Shield
		Wall
		Wind

	Magical Staves:
		Gapaldur
		Vegvisir
		Toustefna

	Intricate Magical Staves:
		Helm of Awe
		Lukkustafir
		Shielding
		Brynslustafir

	Necromancy:
		Raise Zombie

	Strike



[[LORE]]
[910 AD]
Jeiruld traveled to Tarib. Using his wealth, he enrolled in an arcane school.

[915 AD]
Jeiruld joined a group of mercenaries, hired by local lords to take out three earth elementals that were sighted in the mountains north of Tarib. They were able to kill the earth elementals.

[933 AD]
Two years later, he paid several men to start the construction of the Academy of Aldorim.

[934 AD]
The Academy of Aldorim has finished construction. The first student to attend was a human named Fenza. Fenza later became a teacher in the school.
