Ljorn Algordsvein

Male
Age: 25 (born 947, December 2)
Alignment: Neutral Good
Ethnicity: Dagsvaldian
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Ljorn is a wizard from Argánlaf. His hair is dark blond and wavy, is a little longer than shoulder length. A cloth strip tied around his head keeps his hair back, and he has a light stubble. His eyes are hooded, downturned and are dark pale blue, and has fair skin. Because his eyes are hooded and downturned, he may look sad or tired to some people. He is 175 (5'9) centimeters tall.

He wears a woolen brown cloak held by a brooch, a long muted blue tunic (calf-length), baggy brown pants, a belt, and a pair of boots. He has a baldric carrying a scabbard with a Petersen Type L sword (5-lobed viking sword). On his belt, he has a leather pouch and a small seax under the sword baldric. He wears a necklace of an iron Talmundur amulet and eight labradorite beads. Half of the beads are turned into arcane focuses.

Ljorn is friends with Flokr, and close friends with Meyrúna.

He can be found at his house either chopping firewood, checking his family's farm for weeds, sitting outside the door reading his spellbook, playing Plattrægnall with someone (probably with Alfr or Flokr), inside his house brewing potions, or wandering in the forest for whatever reason (most likely something to do with what he usually does).



[[PERSONALITY]]
Ljorn is usually kind, reserved and introverted, as he would rather be alone or with people close to him. He doesn't like getting himself involved in the affairs of others. He is also stubborn, and sometimes rather not take any suggestions that changes what or how he want to do something. Ljorn has a slight paranoia of deep forests, which was because he saw a draugr in one at the age of 10.

The way he talks in English is weird. Not only he has a strong Dagsvaldian accent, he speaks English using Dagsvaldian grammar and phrases, as if the words were replaced with English words.

He enjoys venison, and would carry dried strips of some of it in his pouch for later.



[[ABILITIES]]
Ljorn's native language is Dagsvaldian, but he can also speak Hendric (English), Esrel, and Primordial. He learned Primordial and Hendric from the Academy of Aldorim, and Esrel he naturally picked it up.

Having studied in the academy, he has some knowledge on the history of the past five hundred years, and he also knows about the realms Furnalfa and Parhrüvaryg.

He has combat experience from raiding and old castle ruins, where he fought a couple of draugar. He also participated in a battle before he returned from the Academy of Aldorim, fighting against the Kingdom of Yûmlathnar.

He has been practicing arcane magic for 6 years, three of it spent in the Academy of Aldorim. He also learned how to brew basic potions, along with these potions: ekraldys concoctions, fire-throwing grenades, nontoxic seizure concoctions, potions of animal conjuration, and transmutation liquids of animal.

Sometimes he would practice with his sword, or play Plattrægnall.

His left arm is weaker than his right, because of an arrow shot on his left shoulder during a battle. The arrow resulted in a scar.



[[ARCANE MAGIC]]
	Minor:
		Illusory Script
		Lesser Runic Staves
		Mage Hand, Message
		Prestidigitation

	Basic:
		Counterspell
		Detect Magic
		Feather Fall, Fire Bolt
		Icy Touch
		Mage Armor, Magic Missiles
		Seidur, Shield, Sparks

	Major:
		Feign Death
		Invisibility
		Lightning Bolt
