Loroðil the Galdrarcrafter (Lorothil)

Male
Age: 30 (born 942, November 2)
Alignment: Lawful Neutral
Ethnicity: Fjallander
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Loroðil has wavy shoulder-length dark blond hair, dark blue eyes that have an intense and powerful gaze, and fair skin. He stands at a height of 5'9".

Loroðil wears a black hooded cloak with simple brown embroidery around the hems and a simple metal clasp to conceal himself. Underneath his cloak, he wears a long blue tunic with simple brown embroidery around the hems and a split down the middle, brown pants, a buckled ring belt, and a pair of boots. For his jewelry, he has a magic silver circlet, a silver Talmundúr amulet, and a high-quality labradorite necklace. He has a pouch on his belt.

Loroðil lives in an isolated longhouse two kilometers north of Básrynga. Every day, he can be seen walking to the main village and wandering around the market area, then back to his longhouse.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Loroðil is loyal, observant, and analytical, being able to spot any hint of deception and make out the true intentions of people faster than anyone. He also feels some responsibility towards his town village, but when he is forced to do something he doesn't like, he would find a workaround or find some excuse to not do that. He mostly keeps to himself and doesn't want to directly involve himself in the affairs of other people. When he travels, he cloaks himself for the first week or two to assess his new environment first.

Sometimes Loroðil can act cold-hearted or even villainous, due to past experiences. But he actually feels quite lonely, as most people view him as being unfriendly. Right now, he yearns to visit Yelestina again.

Loroðil has this small obsession with purchasing small figurines and trinkets, as he likes to try and infuse them with magic through potion-soaking.



[[ABILITIES]]
Loroðil is one of the most powerful wizards in Fjalland, but he doesn't surpass some such as Jeiruld Aldorim. He has been studying and practicing magic for eleven years, spending three of those years in an academy. During his time in the academy, he learned how to brew advanced potions.

Loroðil can speak a total of six languages. His mother tongue is Fjallandic, and along with that, he knows Esrel and Rànûdan, which are both elven languages. He also knows Centrumic (English), and Abyssal. He also knows how to read Banodic and speak it if he's reading from a script or memorized a line beforehand.



[[MAGIC ITEMS | ITEMS WITH MAGICAL PROPERTIES]]
[Circlet of Shielding]
Loroðil's silver circlet is enchanted. When Loroðil is attacked with a weapon or a projectile, the circlet has a fifty percent chance to conjure a white shimmering shield to absorb the attack. The shield's damage can absorb up to a heavy crossbow's bolt. If the shield takes a blow and cannot recover, or tries to absorb anything greater than what it can take, it shatters and whatever attack goes right through and hits Loroðil. Once the circlet activates, it cannot activate again until the next day.



[[GRIMOIRE]]
	Potions: All advanced tier potions.

	Illusion:
		Illusion of Sight
		Illusion of Sound
		
	Spells:
		Explode
		Mind-Read
		Wall
		Wind

	Magical Staves:
		Gapaldur
		Vegvisir
		Toustefna

	Intricate Magical Staves:
		Helm of Awe
		Lukkustafir
		Shielding
		Brynslustafir

	Strike



[[LORE]]
Loroðil has ventured south to visit the kingdoms Tarib twice, and Rànûdel once. During his last journey to Tarib, he met an odd person at an ancient watchtower as he traveled to the kingdom. She was called Yelestina, a hybrid of a yuan-ti and a human.

Yelestina tried to stay hidden, but Loroðil eventually discerned that he was being watched and spotted her. When Loroðil didn't seem to have any fear or disgust in her, she slowly stepped out cautiously. He asked her what she was, and she responded "Some kind of elf". Loroðil knew something was off about her, probably because of her serpentine-like eyes (they glowed a little and had slit pupils), but he just assumed she was a "sun elf", which doesn't exist. She then expressed her loneliness to him, but Loroðil just abruptly walked away out of suspicion. A week later, he returned to her and apologized after realizing she was being genuine. After that, over the next week, he visited her every day and accompanied her. Before he returned to his homeland, he disguised himself as a mysterious traveler and gave her a set of clothes and a hooded cloak.
