Meyrúna

Female
Age: 20 (born 953)
Alignment: Neutral Good
Ethnicity: Dagsvaldian
Race:      Human



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Meyrúna is a human from Argánlaf. She has wavy, light brown, armpit-length hair that flows freely. Her skin is pale with a reddish hue and has a few freckles on her face. Her eyes are large and pale green. She has a slightly slim and curvaceous body, and is 162 (5'4) centimeters tall.

She wears a dark yellow woolen cloak with a slightly frayed edge (held by a double-brooch), a simple muted blue dress, a braided leather ring belt, and leather shoes. On her belt there is a small seax in it's sheath. She wears a necklace with an iron Talmundúr amulet.

Meyrúna is friends with Ljorn and Yngvild. She can usually be found in the forest near the village gathering herbs alone or with Ljorn, inside her house making wood carvings, or by the river.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Meyrúna is described as calm and pleasant. However, she can be slightly introverted as she prefers to work on her carvings or be in quiet areas such as near the river where there isn't a lot of noise. She can also be somewhat generous, as she would sometimes gift wood carvings to people (mostly to people close to her). Most times Meyrúna is unassertive, shown when she would avoid conflict by not associating herself with it.

She likes to eat a stew of chicken and local spices.

Meyrúna has a crush on Ljorn, but he doesn't know this. She's afraid that she might be rejected, so she tries not to bring it up in front of him. If she interprets any of Ljorn's actions as advancing, she might blush even if she's completely alone by herself. She tries and avoid Hjalfr due to his arrogant and argumentative personality, and might feel small when in the presence of Hersir Randúlfr.



[[ABILITIES]]
Meyrúna can only speak Dagsvaldian. She has a minor understanding of Esrel and can speak it if she reads from a script or practices a sentence. She can also read and write them, but only with the Latin Alphabet, not the Elvish Alphabet.

Meyrúna can play the lyre and sometimes make songs for it, which are mostly in Dagsvaldian. She also makes songs in Esrel, but she doesn't do this as much because she isn't fluent at all. Most of these songs are about nature or other people, however, she would only share these songs with people close to her such as family and friends.

Meyrúna practices herbology and can identify many common herbs in the Northern region. She took an interest in carving wood and could turn it into things like spoons and small figurines to gift to other people.
