Mif: 981
Ljorn: 1013 (date of birth rounded to nearest year)

Year 995
Mif look interest in woodcarving. When Bjelnad (her faja) went to get new tools because the old ones broke, he also bought woodcarving tools.

Year 1007
Mif meets Algrom.

Year 1011
Alovael is born.

Year 1012
Ljorn is born.

Year 1014
Yngvildr is born.

Year 1016
Alf is born.

Year 1019
Algrom finds a mysterious flower in the forest while taking Alovael, and Ljorn for a little 'adventure'.

Year 1025
Ljorn took interest in Swordfighting. He got his sword from the storage room, which was his grandfather's service weapon. Alf took interest of a spear.

Year 1031
Ljorn goes on first adventure to recover a book documenting the history of a lost civilization. Alf goes with him. There were also a couple other people. While looking for this book, a group of 12 draugr attacks the party. Alf gets cut, on the left leg, and Ljorn almost dies.
During the adventure, Ljorn discovers a tome that teaches the basics of magic, but doesn't read it. Instead, he throws it in the storage room of his home. The adventure took two months.

Year 1031
A raid group led by Jûmlaanar Elves attacks Argonlav. The family's home nearly gets destroyed. Ljorn wanted to protect his home and make sure it would never get destroyed, so he got the old tome, and taught himself. A few months later, he joined a school of evocation in the City of Norvun. While at the academy, he invented a silly game where you chuck wooden beads soaked in spark potion at each other. Being hit with a bead means you're out.

Year 1033
Ljorn and Alf both travel to Thalmundol (town).
Ljorn joins Norvun's army, while Alf went to some kind of training school. (might change the part with Alf later)

Ljorn learns some more advanced spells, but not very powerful. After some time, the Kingdom of Norvun went to war with an incoming invasion of Jûmlaanar elves from the south. He served as artillery from a distance.

After the battle ended, Ljorn and Alf both returned home.

Year 1034
Ljorn decides to go on another adventure, to protect a Hendric city (not the capital city) from a dangerous group of cultists. They were paid 10gp and 1000sp each. He returned four months later. He decides to build a better house for his family, using the best materials available. Along with himself, he paid an additional 10 workers to build the house. He bought a 300gp, 9cm diameter crystal opal orb, as a new arcane focus.

Present year: 1038