Myf: 981
Lorvon: 1013 (date of birth rounded to nearest year)

Year 995
Myf look interest in woodcarving. When Bjelnad (her faja) went to get new tools because the old ones broke, he also bought woodcarving tools.

Year 1007
Myf meets Algrom at town market. You know what happens next.

Year 1011
Alovael is born.

Year 1012
Lorvon is born.

Year 1014
Yngvildr is born.

Year 1016
Alf is born.

Year 1019
Algrom finds a mysterious flower in the forest while taking Alovael, and Lorvon for a little 'adventure'.

Year 1025
Lorvon took interest in Swordfighting. He got his sword from the storage room, which was his grandfather's service weapon. Alf took interest of a spear.

Year 1032
Lorvon goes on first adventure to recover a book documenting the history of a lost civilization. Alf goes with him. There were also a couple other people. While looking for this book, a group of 12 draugr attacks the party. Alf gets cut, on the left leg, and Lorvon almost dies.
During the adventure, Lorvon discovers a tome that teaches the basics of magic, but doesn't read it. Instead, he throws it in the storage room of his home.

Year 1033
A raid group led by Jûmlaanar Elves attacks Argonlav. The family's home nearly gets destroyed. Lorvon wanted to protect his home and make sure it would never get destroyed, so he got the old tome, and taught himself. A few months later, he joined a school of evocation in the City of Norvun.

Year 1035
Lorvon and Alf both travel to Thalmundol (town).
Lorvon joins Norvun's army, while Alf went to some kind of training school. (might change the part with Alf later)

Lorvon learns some more advanced spells, but not very powerful. After some time, the Kingdom of Norvun went to war with an incoming invasion of Jûmlaanar elves from the south. He served as artillery from a distance.

After the battle ended, Lorvon and Alf both returned home to find his parents moved somewhere else, and bought a shitty house with the gold Lorvon got from his military service and his earlier adventure. Yngvildr and Alovael decides to visit him.

A week later, he decided to go on another adventure, after knowing he could fight being a wizard.

Year 1036
After Lorvon returned, lorvon had found out that a northwest criminal empire had attacked his village, raided it, injured his family members and killed some neighbors. He also found out that they raided his house clean. The king knew this, and decided to send reinforcements to Argonlav. But this wasn't enough, so Lorvon went over to the northwest criminal empire, killed all the nobles and people that could get revenge, and turned the crime lord into a zombie. He then fabricated a large bag, and filled it with the gold, jewelry and other things the crime lord had stolen, which was worth about 55000 in gold. He then gave every house 500 gold, gave 20000 gold to the local lord, and kept the rest. He had gotten some of his things back, but half of the things in the house was gone.

A week later, he returned to the northwest castle, and took it over. He named it Ufalvik Castle, and became a jarl.