Thuumikishu

Male
Age: 87 (born 886, April 4)
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Ethnicity: Banodic
Race:      Dwarf



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Thuumikishu is a whimsical dwarven seer-druid from Banod, and got lost after he came down from the mountain. He has long, messy grey hair, and a long messy beard. His eyes are golden-orange, and his skin is very pale and slightly dark. He wears a cloth strip around his head, keeping his messy hair out of the way.

He has a worn boar hide cloak, brown tunic, dark brown pants, a belt, and a pair of shoes. His belt is holding an unsheathed obsidian knife. He is 135 (4'5) centimeters tall. He wears two necklaces, one necklace is a jade and malachite beaded necklace, the other is an amber beaded necklace decorated with wolf fangs.

He carries a plain straight stick as a walking stick.

After getting lost, he somehow wandered up north into the Southern Dagsvaldian Forest. He later managed to befriend a troll tribe, who gave him an obsidian knife. He also had some very basic druidic insight from the tribe's only druid, Vriitiwaz.

Now he can usually be seen wandering around the Southern Dagsvaldian Forests.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Thuumikishu acts friendly, but he is an eccentric person. He speaks quietly, and is clumsy of his surroundings, not watching wether he is going to knock something over or not.

For some reason, he says things like "oho" when surprised or amused, and things like "oooooh" just to make anything dramatic. He also has odd fascination with rabbits and hares, calling them magical animals that bring luck when in the presence of them. He is also somewhat emotionally unstable.



[[ABILITIES]]
Thuumikishu speaks Banodic as his native language. He also learned Druidic from Vriitiwaz, and he picked up Hendric (English) when passing by Hendric trade routes during his wandering.

He is a seer-druid, meaning he is a seer, and also practices druidry which was taught by Vriitiwaz.



[[DRUIDRY]]
	Bloom or Wither Flowers
	Talk to Animals
	Healing Palm



[[SEIDR]]
	Look for Omens
	Foresight
