Vielthöri Aldriàndel

Female
Age: 19 (born 954, march 5)
Alignment: Lawful Good
Ethnicity: Aodesvic
Race: Human aligned to Lünanyr



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Vielthöri is a celestial human who magically leans towards Lünanyr (called Lûnania in Aodesvu regions), and was born in Pendlas Mus. She has unusually vibrant green eyes, pale skin, and long light blond hair. She wears a purple surcoat bearing Lünanyr's symbol (which is a four pointed star), a grey tunic, brown pants, a buckled belt, and a pair of boots. She is 165 (5'5) centimeters tall.

She wears a metal helmet with a brass rim in combat. She carries a spatha in a blue scabbard, and a blue Norman kite shield slung across her back.

Her goal is to "protect" the world and the cycle of life from undeath, and is willing to kill any undead she sees. She despises all types of necromancy unless it is only used to heal.

During the day when she isn't exploring or going on a "crusade", she can be found either patrolling the streets, talking to people in the community center, or riding her horse in the nearby woods.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Vielthori is friendly, and generous, also described as meddlesome as she likes to assert or associate herself with things she doesn't need to be involved with. She is also a purist, and never participates or even support any kind of war against another civilization.



[[ABILITIES]]
Vielthöri speaks Aodesvic as her mother tongue, and learned Hendric (English). She has only little experience with her sword and shield, gained from defending her town from a small group of vamerks with the help of the town's guards.

Vielthöri is also an innate seer, which means she can use divine magic without study. Along with this, she can sense any sort of undead activity in a 100 meter radius, but she cannot determine where it is happening, the direction of it, or it's distance.

Also she doesn't know this, but she recovers from wounds and diseases around one-and-a-half times faster than normal, and her touch can speed the healing of anyone by about 20%.



[[SEER MAGIC]]
	Basic:
		Bless
		Mending
		Wash of Radiance

	Major:
		Detect Evil and Good
		Healing Palm
