Yelestina

Female
Age: 25 (born 948, January 5)
Alignment: Neutral Good
Race:      Yellow Rat Snake Demi-Human (Part Yuan-ti Pureblood)



[[DESCRIPTION]]
Yelestina has upturned almond, glowing yellow eyes with slit pupils similar to reptiles, which gives her a subtle middle eastern face. She has black hair that flows freely, smooth pale skin, and soft yellow scales on her back, shoulders, and thighs. Her nails are hard and sharp, like a bear's claw, and can retracted to normal nails. Usually, her scales are concealed by her clothes.

She wears a yellow silk dress, a brown under-dress embroidered with a blue ocean wave pattern with slight frills at the ends, and a silver chain choker which she keeps close. Her feet are hard enough to walk on sharp stones without being hurt, but she wears shoes because it's cold. She also owns a brown hooded cloak, gifted to her by a mysterious traveler. She is around 5'6" in height, and she has a delicate yet voluptuous figure that gives off an ethereally beautiful and mesmerising aura, contributing to her allure.

When Yelestina bleeds, her blood is colored light red instead of dark red, and is slightly more transparent.

Yelestina lives isolated on a mountain, in a small ruin of an ancient watchtower that's perched over a cliff. A tens of meters away there is a waterfall where she usually drinks from and washes her clothes. The watch tower is surrounded by heavy foliage and has vines growing over them.



[[PERSONALITY]]
Yelestina is introverted, reserved, and a bit antisocial, as she tends not to want to be seen by other people. She is kind and gentle, but she can be sort of blunt because she's been isolated for so long. She's also afraid of rain, cold, or dark musty areas. Yelestina feels lonely and wishes to form a connection, as she thinks most people would view her as a monster. But she doesn't leave her dwelling to seek a connection due to fear of monsters and manhunts.

Yelestina expresses curiosity about things such as culture or consumables, especially herbs and potions, but is quite ignorant and not very careful. She might "accidentally" down a potion without knowing what it is first, but this will only happen if she doesn't sense any poison in the potion.

Yelestina doesn't know that she's part yuan-ti or that she's a Yellow Rat Snake. She knows about her abilities, however, she rarely talks about her claws or uses them in front of strangers, and will certainly not use them to threaten anyone unless it's necessary, because she doesn't want anyone to know she's part snake. Similarly, when someone asks her what race she is, she usually lies, saying she's "some kind of elf."



[[ABILITIES]]
Yelestina can extend her nails into sharp claws, like a bear's claw. She can also retract them, turning them back into normal rounded nails. Yelestina can see in the dark and can sense whether something is poisonous or venomous by looking at it. She can also charm other people by looking them in the eye, but she has to focus and try very hard to work this power.

Even though her skin is normally soft, it's just slightly harder to pierce through. She can walk on sharp stones barefoot because her feet are harder, but she prefers to wear shoes.

Yelestina is weak to lilies and tulips. When she touches these flowers, her energy gets drained by them. If she touches them for too long (more than several seconds), she will feel tired and sleepy.



[[LORE]]
Yelestina's family was once part of a yuan-ti clan, based in the mountains north of Tarib. After touching a cursed trinket made by ancient yuan-ti, Yelestina's mother was cursed to bear a human-like child. Her mother tried to hide her, but many years later, the clan found out about Yelestina's human-like appearance and left her forlorn in the mountains. She found a small ruin of an ancient watchtower that's perched over a cliff and took shelter there. She found some old cloth in the watchtower and decided to cover the tower with the old cloth with a small layer of dirt and leaves above in an attempt to keep out the rain.

A year later, a couple of Taribian adventurers found her dwelling. But because Yelestina was wearing clothing that left her scales exposed, they immediately realized she was a yuan-ti pureblood and left in disgust and fear.

Very recently, she had a peculiar, yet sad encounter. It was a northman, one who traveled from Fjalland. Yelestina tried to stay hidden, but she was eventually discovered. She noticed that he didn't seem to be afraid or disgusted, so she slowly stepped out of her hiding. When she revealed herself to the northman, he didn't freak out, didn't scrunch his face, didn't express any disgust or fear. Instead, he asked what she was, and she lied and said she was some kind of elf. They only talked for a minute before she expressed her loneliness to him. But the man walked away out of suspicion because of her sudden vulnerability, leaving her in tears. A week later, the man returned and apologized. They talked for a while, and she learned his name was Loroðil. Over the next week, he visited her every day and accompanied her. The day after Loroðil said he was going to return to his home, a mysterious person in a brown cloak approached her and gave her a set of clothes and a hooded cloak. The mysterious person left without saying a word, not even a bit of his voice was heard.
