RANDOM LOCATIONS:

Desert surrounding Tarib:
This desert is a hot desert.

Forests above Hendril, surrounding Woparias and Zenixras (Hendric Forests):
These forests are a bright redwood forest, with little undergrowth.

Forests south of Banod (the two bloches one directly south and one directly east of Banod) and the one surrounding Mornesvid (Dwarven Forests):
These forests are mixed forests.

Forests near Argonlav and under Esrelu, and west of Glomdur:
These forests are made up of two areas. The northern area and the part west of Glomdur is a dark coniferous forest of tall pines, and some firs and spruces, and the bottom half is a mixed coniferous forest. The bottom half is a bright coniferous forest with about 50% firs with heavy undergrowth, and 50% tall pines and firs with moderate undergrowth.

Forests on the western island:
In the north is a coniferous forest, at the sides are mixed forests, and at the bottom is an oak and beech forest.

Forests surrounding Aodesvu:
This forest is a beech and oak forest.

Mountains in the very north:
These mountains are tall mountains covered in snow.

Penisula southwest of Esrelu:
This penisula is mostly covered with the same forest near Argonlav. There has been rumors of frost dragons living here.



KNOWN LOCATIONS:

Forests of Rànûdel:
The Forests of Rànûdel is a very hilly forest in the west, and not very hilly in the east, consisting of only tall pines and large oaks. There isn't much undergrowth. Cool blue mists eternally surround this area, which seems to be bright, giving the sky a glowy look.
This forest contains two moon shrines, a shrine of Lûn and a shrine of Vel.

Sölshaef Forest and the taiga north of Mornesvid:
These forests are snowy coniferous forests. This forest also contains all three moon shrine variants, located in the west.

Heirfgrian Forest:
This forest is a dark redwood forest. The main inhabitants are Heirgrian centaurs. This forest contains a shrine of Aan.

Moon Shrines:
These shrines are made of large, light limestone bricks, taking up about a 8 meter square of space and being about 20 meters tall, with a large bell placed at the top of each shrine made of their corresponding moon.
The shrines of Lûn uses silver, the shrines of Vel uses antimony, and the shrines of Aan uses brass.